<b>Official Rules for Simply Bare Organic Giveaway Contest</b>   

NO PURCHASE NECESSARY. A PURCHASE WILL NOT INCREASE YOUR CHANCES OF WINNING.  THIS CONTEST IS OPEN ONLY TO CANADIAN RESIDENTS (EXCLUDING QUEBEC) AND IS GOVERNED BY CANADIAN LAW. 

Eligibility:<br> 
The “Simply Bare Organic Hydrostone Giveaway” Contest (the “Contest”) is open to residents of Canada, excluding Quebec, who are at least nineteen (19) years or older at the time of entry. Employees of Rubicon Organics Inc. are not eligible to enter.  

Contest Period:<br> 
Contest will run from 12:00 PM EST on March 30th to 12:00 PM EST on March 31st, 2020. Entries submitted before or after each Contest Period will not be eligible. 

Sponsor: <br>
The Contest is sponsored by Rubicon Organics Inc., with head offices located at 505-744 West Hastings Street, Vancouver, BC, V6C 1A5 (the “Sponsor”). The Contest is in no way sponsored, endorsed or administered by, or associated with, Instagram. 

Prizes:<br> 
There will be 1 contest posts to award the following prize: 1 of 20 hydro stones. The total value of this prize is estimated to be $3 (CAD).    

Agreement to Official Rules:<br> 
By entering the Contest for a chance to win the prizes set out above, you indicate your full and unconditional agreement to, and acceptance of, (a) these Official Rules and (b) Sponsor’s decisions, which are final and binding. Winning a prize is contingent upon fulfilling all requirements outlined in these Official Rules.  

How to Enter:<br> 
This contest will solely be run on Instagram. To enter, Entrants are required to (i) follow @simplybareorganic; (ii) tag another Instagram handle in the comment section on the contest post. Sponsor assumes no responsibility for lost, incomplete, incorrect, or misdirected entries. Sponsor is not responsible for technical, hardware or software malfunctions, lost or unavailable network connections, or failed, incorrect, inaccurate, incomplete, or delayed electronic or other communication issues. Sponsor holds the right to disqualify any person who tampers with the entry process, the operation of its websites, or who violates these Official Rules. Limit of one entry per individual per prize. 

Announcement of Winners and Deadline for Claiming Prizes:<br> 
Winner(s) will be selected at random from all participants that satisfies all criteria. Contest winner(s) will be announced on Thursday April 2nd 2020 in the following ways: on a new Instagram post, as a comment under the original contest post and in the Instagram Story. 
Winners have to get in touch via Instagram message or via email to brand@simplybare.com within 48 hours to claim the prize. If the prize is not claimed, an alternate winner will be chosen randomly. Each selected winner much correctly answer the following skill testing question: (2×4) +(10×3) = before a prize is officially awarded. 

Delivery of Prizes:<br> 
All prize winners must provide Sponsor with contact information within 48 hours so that Sponsor may deliver the prizes. Contact information should be delivered to Sponsor by email at info@simplybare.com and via Instagram @ simplybareorganic. No substitution of prizes is permitted. Any prizes that are not claimed or are returned as undeliverable will be awarded to alternate entrants.  

General Conditions:<br> 
In the event that the operation, security, or administration of the Contest is impaired in any way for any reason, Sponsor may, (a) suspend the Contest and then resume the Contest; or (b) award the prize from among the eligible entries received up to the time of the impairment. Sponsor reserves the right in its sole discretion to disqualify any individual it finds to be tampering with the entry process, or the operation of the Contest, or to be acting in violation of these Official Rules, or to be acting in a disruptive manner. 

Release and Limitations of Liability:<br> 
By participating in the Contest, you agree to release and hold harmless Sponsor, their respective parent, subsidiaries, affiliates, and each of their respective officers, directors, employees, and agents (the “Released Parties”) from and against any claim or cause of action arising out of participation in the Contest or receipt or use of any prize, including, but not limited to: (a) unauthorized human intervention in the Contest; (b) technical errors related to computers, servers, providers, or telephone, or network lines; (c) printing errors; (d) errors in the administration of the Contest or the processing of entries; or (e) injury or damage to persons or property which may be caused, directly or indirectly, in whole or in part, from entrant’s participation in the Contest or receipt or use of any prize.  

Privacy and Publicity:<br> 
Personal information will only be collected and used for the purpose of providing the winners with their prize.
